Update docs about export users (#1574)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/deployments/exporting-users.mdx

Additionally, the [`getUserList()`](/docs/references/backend/user/get-user-list) method in the [JavaScript Backend SDK](/docs/references/backend/overview) can also be used to retrieve a list of users.

## Export your users' data from the Clerk Dashboard

Users who are either admins or are in their personal workspace can export and download a CSV file containing a list of their application's users that _includes their hashed passwords_. Users can also view detailed export and download history logs. These logs offer a record of previous export actions, ensuring visibility and traceability of data exports.

To export your users' data:

> 1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=exports).
> 1. In the top navigation, select **Configure**. Then in the sidebar, under **Application**, select **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Clerk Dashboard, navigate to the application's [**Settings**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=settings).
```

> 1. Select the **Export all users** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **User Exports** section, select **Export all users**.
```
